welcome back to movietella
today i'm going to show you a sci-fi
horror film from 2017
titled life the film opens in outer
space where a capsule is floating amidst
a meteor storm
the crew of the pilgrim 7 attempt to get
the capsule as it contains a sample from
mars
engineer rory adams steps out and tries
to catch the capsule with the ship's
mechanism
the capsule slams into the mechanism but
it's been successfully caught
biologist hugh dairy studies the sample
they recovered
it appears as an amoeba but slowly
starts to grow its own limbs and even
begins moving
the crew becomes elated when hugh
confirms that the specimen is alive
on earth people around the world are
following the crew's mission and the
prospect of discovery of new life beyond
earth
children from elementary schools around
new york are gathered in times square as
they send messages and questions live to
the crew
one girl goes up to tell the crew that
her school has decided to name the
organism
calvin among the other crew members on
the international space station are dr
david jordan
captain miranda north commander
ekaterina golovkina and pilot show
murakami
they all bond over their mission and
personal lives such as sho's wife having
their baby daughter back on earth
as they continue to study calvin they
learn that it possesses muscles
vision and a brain a piece of equipment
in the lab malfunctions
causing calvin to go still and silent
after the equipment is fixed up hugh
goes in and tries to revive calvin with
an electroshock wand
after a little jolt calvin wakes up and
wraps himself around hugh's right hand
he starts to grow in size and starts
attaching himself to the glass plates
he grabs the wand and breaks it as he
continues to tighten himself around
hugh's hand
calvin then breaks hugh's hand and
causes him to pass out
calvin grabs the broken wand and uses it
to break through the glove in its
containment cube
he then makes its way into a cage with
the crew's lab rat
the rat makes a move on calvin so he
wraps himself around the rat
and consumes it growing even more
rory steps in to get hugh out but as he
does so
calvin wraps himself around rory's leg
forcing david to close the door on rory
rory gets calvin off his leg with an
oxygen candle and tries to burn him with
an incinerator but he runs out of fuel
calvin moves fast and crawls into rory's
mouth
he slowly kills him from the inside
until rory is no longer moving
calvin crawls out and is even bigger as
he escapes through a vent
the crew wraps rory's body in gold foil
hugh states that the lack of oxygen on
mars is what probably kept something
like calvin dorman for so long
and he suggests that it could be
responsible for wiping out life on mars
the crew then tries to make contact with
earth but their systems have been
disrupted
cat puts on an eva suit to step outside
the station to fix the problem
unfortunately calvin is outside and
starts to wrap himself around cat's suit
cat starts to make her way back to the
station but calvin cuts into her coolant
system
causing her helmet to fill up with toxic
fluids
david tries to get cad back inside as
she is drowning
but cat intentionally leaves herself
outside to prevent calvin from getting
back inside
cat dies and her body floats out into
space while calvin tries to find a way
back inside
the remaining crew members are moving
into a decaying orbit
and they need the rest of their fuel to
get back into a proper orbit
even if it means letting calvin back
inside the station
the crew plans to deprive calvin of
oxygen by sealing themselves in their
hibernation pods inventing the oxygen
out of there
hugh starts to go into cardiac arrest so
they bring the oxygen back
only to discover moments later that
calvin is latched onto hugh's leg and is
now bigger
with tentacles and something resembling
a face
after he kills hugh the other three hide
show gets into his hibernation pod which
calvin starts to break through
because calvin swallowed a tracker from
hugh's suit
david and miranda are able to keep their
eyes on his movements they try to lure
calvin away with hugh's body
soon they find that earth control has
sent a soyuz capsule to get the crew
back to earth without bringing calvin
back
the station docks into the capsule which
gives show a chance to get out of his
pod
as he tries to enter the capsule a
breach occurs from the imperfect docking
resulting in an explosion
this causes show to get sucked out of
the station
with the station's oxygen levels
dropping in their trajectory headed back
toward the decaying orbit
david and miranda start to resign to
their fates
they know that an attempt to make it
back into earth's atmosphere could kill
them but calvin could survive it
david then remembers two escape pods on
the station that they can use
one would get back to earth while the
other must be manually overridden to
send calvin into deep space
the plan is to once again deprive calvin
of oxygen to lure him into the pods
david and miranda go ahead with their
plan
david lures calvin into his pod while he
tries to get miranda home
the pods pass through a storm of debris
sending one pod off course
calvin attacks david inside his pod and
begins to wrap himself around david
one of the pods lands on earth in the
ocean near a boat with two fishermen
they make their way to the pod and
discover david stuck in some kind of goo
meanwhile miranda is sent helplessly
screaming into deep space
david struggles to tell the fishermen
not to open the pod
but they do so then
two more boats pull up if you enjoyed
this video
subscribe so you can watch more like
this
see you in the next video thanks for
watching